# keyremapd

Inspired by [DoubleCommand](http://doublecommand.sourceforge.net) but it does
not require *kext* installation and it is user-space only.

Right now it provides limited functionality:

* remaps *right Command* to *right Option*
* maps *right Options* to *keypad Enter* on press/release

Possibly in the future I will either provide user-defaults or *Preferences*
based configuration.

## Installation

1. `make`
2. `sudo make install`
3. `sudo make start`

Allow `keyremapd` access *Accessibility*:

1. Open *System Preferences* from the Apple menu.
2. Click the *Security & Privacy* icon.
3. Select the *Privacy* tab.
4. Select *Accessibility* from the list on the left side of the *Privacy* pane.
5. Click the lock icon in the lower left corner of the window and enter an
   admin account and password when prompted.
6. Select the checkbox next to the name of the device or app that is requesting
   access.

## Removal

1. `sudo make stop`
2. `sudo make uninstall`

## License

Copyright &copy; 2014 Adam Strzelecki

> Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
> of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
> in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
> to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
> copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
> furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

> The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
> all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

> THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
> IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
> FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
> AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
> LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
> OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
> SOFTWARE.
